OSDOCS10896: Update Custom Metrics Autoscaler documentation for ClusterTriggerAuthentication implementation (#89402)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nodes-cma-autoscaling-custom-prometheus-config.adoc

You can use the installed {product-title} Prometheus monitoring as a source for the metrics used by the custom metrics autoscaler. However, there are some additional configurations you must perform.

> For your scaled objects to be able to read the {product-title} Prometheus metrics, you must use a trigger authentication or a cluster trigger authentication in order to provide the authentication information required. The following procedure differs depending on which trigger authentication method you use. For more information on trigger authentications, see "Understanding custom metrics autoscaler trigger authentications". 

Reviewer: can you add somewhere before the procedure that it is using the trigger authentication method? unless it's not, but based on the information contained in some of the codeblocks within the procedure that seems to be the case

Author: Made the procedure generic, for both auth methods.

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: keda.sh/v1alpha1
kind: TriggerAuthentication <1>
metadata:
  name: keda-trigger-auth-prometheus
spec:
  secretTargetRef: <2>
  - parameter: bearerToken <3>
    name: thanos-token <4>
    key: token <5>
  - parameter: ca
    name: thanos-token
    key: ca.crt
----
<1> Specifies one of the following trigger authentication types:
+
*  If you are using a trigger authentication, specify `TriggerAuthentication`.
*  If you are using a cluster trigger authentication, specify `ClusterTriggerAuthentication`.
+

> <2> Specifies that thi	s object uses a secret for authorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Specifies that this object uses a secret for authorization.
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1

> kind: <binding_type> <1>

Reviewer: based on the other portions of this procedure where you are using `TriggerAuthentication` method parameters, i think it makes sense to stick with `RoleBinding` to be consistent
